# SoftwareDevlopmentLifecycle

##How do I interpret user needs and implement them into a program? How does creating “user stories” help with this?

I interpret user needs by listening carefully or reading through what the customer has provided to extract what their specific needs are. I ask follow up questions to clarify when I'm unsure of a requirement or need more details. I try to keep communication as open as possible, as many points may not be apparent at first, but may develop over time. This also gives the user the ability to provide feedback to better refine the final product. User stories is a helpful way to frame user requirements and focus on what the user actually needs in an actionable way. Writing user stories can also be a great way to identify what parts are unclear and require additional input from the customer.

##How do I approach developing programs? What agile processes do I hope to incorporate into my future development work?

I approach developing programs as a collaborative process that I can contribute my own experience and ideas to while learning from the valuable insights of the rest of the team as well to create the best possible design. I try to always keep the customer in mind, and adapt to the priorities that will deliver the best value to them. I try to stay flexible and be ready to change my approach when requirement or the environment change or I hit a roadblock. One of the agile processes I'm most interested in incorporating into my future work is test-driven development. Coming from a test background, I feel this has huge potential to improve the overall quality of the final product and more efficiently approach design so that it meets the requirements that truly matter.

##What does it mean to be a good team member in software dev?
Being a good team member means taking responsibility and ownership of your work, always acting ethically, and being accountable for completing the work you've taken on. It means being open to constructive criticism, and willing to share your thoughts and ideas with the team. It also means being a strong communicator, sharing your progress and working together collaboratively to most efficiently overcome problems and provide the most value to the customer. A good team member supports their teammates and celebrates their successes. They are flexible and adapt to change, constantly finding ways to improve their work and help the team improve as a whole.
